
# Water Wars
Special Water Wars is an EXCLUSIVLY school game rather than water wars which is outside of school.
Reason: many are worried about prices, etc, 
also its fun and i thought of this one day independent of water wars when hunting down somebody,
after that I knew to do it



# Medium
the medium can speak to ghosts by getting certain hints about the roles of players or how someone died- what role or which room or something? Yea the point is that you speak to the ghosts so the ghosts should be able to access a dropdown and interactive or be able to select from a range of where they were killed maybe they get an amount of questions based on their tasks
medium answers must not be broadcasted for a reason - we don't want players to know evidence for sure from an anonymous medium - if the medium wants to reveal information they must also reveal their role

# Snitch
the snitch is kinda a combo with the seer
Seer, get roles clues

# Role of Moderators
You can also include a moderator for more advanced things like the proof from the Arsonist or maybe verifying certain pictures.

Add some way people can fight back if they determine there was a wrong kill request or something - handled by [[Report]]


# Notes
Do we even want to do this?
IDK - sounded better in our heads we have a lot less imposters and how would this game even scale with tons of people?
Well - why not give it a shot! Even if it is niche, no issue!! Its just gonna be challenging to go through this if there isn't much participation on the role suggestion side  - what am I worrying about? let's do this thing!!!



# Eraser and Deputy
- [x] Eraser
	- definitely a weird role and in my opinion is not fun but this one can be added for sure, (but i added a twist to it)
	- maybe like a deputy but for evil
Deputy
What about a role that prevents an imposter from killing/ someone using their ability for a day
Handcuff ability, eraser can be evil one


# Medic

- [x] Medic
	- how would it work if the shield got activated
	- Medic resurrects someone after they’ve been killed to fix it - but problem is they know who killed them.
	- Sticky note as shield 

# Hacker 

- [x] Hacker
	- Maybe merge with tracker? Everyone can see vitals so it doesn't add anything.
	- Can some how leak the codes and their exchanges !!! GENIUS!

# Verifications and Actions (Pre-Tokens)

How do you verify whether someone is truly the imposter or not?
^ their sent signature like their sent role if you don’t believe them

Digital Verifications are generated by the discord bot and these can be used to verify someone's role in the case of killing someone in the game

# Tasks

You can implement tasks by having certain hints to find certain texts and then when they input the text verbatim the task is completed. You can be given/generated a map, too.
Don't worry about enforcing these rules as we can write a Discord bot to do it.

# Engineer
- [x] Engineer
	- [ ] ?maybe does not have to complete tasks
	- [x] can reroll people's tasks
	- [x] may complete tasks on other peoples behalf
	- [x] With every task they complete they may reroll other people’s tasks and task number

# Vampire

Vampire
- Can infect someone and make them and impostor idk maybe keep this neutral role idk
and make crewmate role that can make imposters to task, maybe taskmaster or engineer?
I'm not really for roles turning into other roles, prob neutral


# Lawyer
- [x] what about pursuer and what happens when their client dies / their client cannot win? -  just do nothing if their client cannot win then they cannot wjn